Hiring
Hiring, retention and culture. Lately, my company having a lot of challenge and changes in these areas. Will be interesting to learn from other leaders.
Hiring in Malaysia - what to look out for and where
Hiring, Firing, building a team and culture
- scaling up engineering team across multiple products.
expanding and scaling a tech team
Microgrowing
Hiring
hiring, scaling team, culture
So many things, especially related to scaling teams.
Hiring and scaling.
Finding and Managing humans

Leadership
How to lead and manage engineering team. The process and role etc.
How to lead a team of developers.
Anything from managing the team
I want to gain insights, knowledge and of course learn new things about managing people and delivering better values to the business.
Organization chart architecture
Would like to know what the peers are doing in the local scene
Management
Team management
An effective mechanism to deal with senior non-business types
What is the role of tech leadership in non-tech companies?

Retention
Team building, culture, building a product mindset within a team
Training
Culture. How to keep things interesting for coders when its all about code and throw kind of projects
Understanding how people keep the team motivated and keep the company on a right technical direction.

Operations
Managing expectations when it comes to borderline tech stuff (who handles laptop breakdowns?)
To get more insight on the technical operations of participating companies.
How other CTOs handle the offline bits of the role
liase with the sales team / CEO
managing schedule and release
Team management, rails, company management, scaling a platform and a business

Community
I would like to learn more about how I can contribute my experience from Product Development at Microsoft to growing the development and startup community in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia and South East Asia.

Technical
Making tests
Which language to pick / should I change to a better language?
using the correct technology at the right time
Handling technical debt
Security, cryptography.
Uptime for my customers

Misc
Really big mistakes that people don't see until it's too late
Make friends and how to make more friends.
Everything
